juice where are you going you look like
an alien lord I want to be with you wait
so you'd liked me and you don't like me
anymore you just like me just because of
my beauty oh wait now you think I'm ugly
how great you're such a jerk you need to
look in the mirror and see how ugly you
are
she thinks you're at the school well it
was nice talking to you dude I am a girl
for your information hey you yeah you
who do you think oh it's you and your
little puppy friends well I'm sorry but
I have no time to talk with you it's
gonna waste my valuable time sure sure
so I find her really really pretty
what were you saying better really
really hold on just leave us alone let's
just keep walking felicity thank you
it's Alicia oh my gosh
Felicity you're one of us um yeah yeah
like oh no I mean that you're a fairy
just like us um excuse me come on look
at me man is there other words you're
you're saying that you mean just come on
oh my raw
you wait there felicity don't move I'll
go a patrol around the school if
anyone's gonna go into the bathroom and
scream at you you I'm just gonna hey
wait up
you're the one that spilt water all over
my outfit now I have to get changed
whatever I'm going to the bathroom no
matter what you say excuse me don't you
ever talk like that to me because guess
what
hold it right there I'm warning you if
you go inside the bathroom you're gonna
smell like dog eat so much leave because
someone did a big dunk and you don't
want yourself to smell like a doggie COO
dude shoo you just stop her
oh so the doggy dump is come out
excuse me ha ha you two little pigs Oh
looks like I smell some doom I'm running
across the school you don't have to feel
bad for me hermit hey do you speak
hermit crab because I need someone to
teach me how to speak hermit crab I have
a really big exam coming up and I don't
want to fail yeah I just take hermit
crab
I learned and seafood class well like
all kicked out of that class but oh well
Yolo gonna say that fine
hey come take a seat next to me okay
it means that your side oh I don't want
to learn her but crab right now I want
to look into your eyes hey I gotta get
to class
bye wait wait wait up oh that looks like
I'm too late
good afternoon class today we'll be
mixing chemistry particles from seafood
first we're gonna mix the seaweed
fertilizer and next a seafood protocol
and even won't be paired up with the
random students sitting next to you okay
so Tony you go with Cooper and and Luna
you parables Darlene let's get started
uh hi there I'm Luna you must be Darlene
yeah okay I'm so let's get started first
you miss the probing with everything
else and then it might explode but that
doesn't mind because we didn't have mine
it's an explosion okay so what are we
gonna do now well the teacher said we
need to mix up some sodium to the
seawater so um let's get to it
okay I mixed the sodium inside the water
now kay you do the honors on adding the
seaweed water into it sure okay so I
added it in the cop so what's next now
just add a little bit more on to it so
let me just get it hmm oh hey isn't this
oh my dog oh my god like so slobbering
wets
no I'm so sorry Luna you have to excuse
me
what it's just seaweed water it's not
gonna like kill you or mutate to you you